# 4. Train and refine your model responsibly
This article covers how to train a model on Azure Machine Learning and beginner tips on what to watch out for making a responsible AI model.

## Open the notebook that has article 4 content
Notebook file will be provided

## Create a compute cluster for training
Explains what a compute cluster is and for, and also include a note about quota management.

## Different ways to train your model 

- Custom model from the scratch
- Use AutoML to get started quickly

You can start creating a custom model, but in this tutorial, we will start with AutoML because it will save you time in the prototyping phase.

## Use AutoML to create a baseline model (SDK)
View explanations for AutoML best model in Studio UI: AutoML creates explanations (global and local feature importances) for best model; use this to understand model before moving it forward (build trust/confidence)
- Benefit: it would provide a stable env, would pass the run, etc.

## Generate training script for the best model
Browse AutoML models and see which is the best model based on the optimization metrics (accuracy, explanation, etc). 

## Configure the environment (if you want to change the script, you also need to change the env)
Explaining the envorinment including how to do custom env.

## Make custom improvements and submit custom training job
Explains how to tweak the AutoML model script; also teach users about control script to submit a custom training job.

## Monitor the training script

## Debug the training script

## Evaluate the results against Auto ML model
Explain different options and walkthrough the UI option

- UI: straightforward (MLflow way)
- Code

## Further optimize model by performing hyperparameter tuning

## Register model

## Evaluate how responsible is your model
Once you register, you can go to create a Responsible AI dashboard to assess your ML model before deciding to move forward with it. Three ways to do it:

- Via Studio UI on-demand wizard
- Via SDKv2 with built-in workspace RAI components
- Via CLIv2 with built-in workspace RAI components

## Clean up scripts and convert to python files
